Appletv Login and Axis Login Documentation Added. (#18454)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/auxiliary/scanner/http/appletv_login.md

## Vulnerable Application

This module attempts to authenticate to an AppleTV service with the username, 'AirPlay'.
The device has two different access control modes: OnScreen and Password.
The difference between the two is the password in OnScreen mode is numeric-only and four digits long,

> which means when this option is enabled, this option, the module will make sure to cover all of them - from 0000 to 9999.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means when this option is enabled, the module will make sure to cover all of them - from 0000 to 9999.
```

The Password mode is more complex, therefore the usual online bruteforce strategies apply.

## Verification Steps
1. Start msfconsole
2. Do: `use auxiliary/scanner/http/appletv_login`
3. Do: set the passwords via the `password` option, or pass a list of passwords via the`pass_file` option. Pass a userlist via "user_list".
4. Do: `run`

> 5. Hopefully you see somthing like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Hopefully you see something like this:
```

```
[+] 127.0.0.1:7000 - Login Successful: admin:adminpassword
```

## Options

> List each option and how to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### BLANK_PASSWORD

> Boolean value on if an additional login attempt should be attempted with an empty password for every user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set to `true` if an additional login attempt should be made with an empty password for every user.
```
